Love song sung
For a million people
I don't just feel it
This street makes me love
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
The future looks more realistic
Than we ever imagined
Cars don't look they will float
In the air anytime soon
And today, I get on the subway
Like always
Silent strangers leave me behind
On the street...so then
Lonely, lonely,
Even in the painful and frail night
Lonely, lonely, keep on
Giving me your original love
Lonely, lonely, longing for you,
My life is so cold
I decided I won't do
What I can't put into words
Only she can caress my heart,
I want to forget
Love me, love me
With strong and fragile heart
Kiss me, kiss me,
I worry in the lonely night
Uh... nothing really...
It was just a little mischief
by a student...
Really... it's nothing major
to bother the police with.
Fortunately there were no injuries
to the students...
... but under these circumstances,
we won't be able to resume classes.
Indeed. There is no way
we can get back to class.
Kanzaki...
What in the world happened...
... with that teacher?
Yes!
Good evening, Fujimori-sensei.
Nomura-san...
and everyone?!
Hello. Eikichi Onizuka.
22 years old. A bachelor.
Oh! It sure looks like
a mature woman's room.
Whoa!
I'll get tea ready.
Ah, no. Please don't bother...
Hey, Tomoko!
Since you're a girl,
go help your teacher.
Yes.
Teacher...I've come to help.
Uh, thank you.
So, what can I do?
Hmmm...
this drawer looks suspicious...
What are you doing?
Don't you want to know, too?
The appeal of a mature woman...
The appeal of a mature woman?
How can you do that?
You're a teacher!
Uh... is that so?
Then it's O.K.
I'll look by myself.
Wait! No one said
we wouldn't look!
Yeah, right.
Underwear...great!
We WILL look!
Unbelievable...
What are we here for?
Here we go!
Yeah, sure!
Huh? Differential calculus?
Integral calculus?
INTEGRAL DIFFERENTIAL
CALCULUS CALCULUS
Those are math subjects.
Didn't you study them
in high school?
Hmmm...
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
What are you doing, Teacher?
Uh...those are...
Uh...um...it's not like...
...I found those while looking
for your underwear or anything like that.
But you're an eager learner.
You're an elementary school teacher,
and yet...
...you have such high-level
reference materials...
Kanzaki-san...
I bought them
for the sake of Kanzaki-san.
URUMI KANZAKI
That girl used to come to this room
and study.
It's already been four years...
Could you tell us...
...what happened to Kanzaki?
Back then I was fresh out of college
and I was her homeroom teacher.
All right. I'm returning the exam
papers from the other day.
Yuck!
I had heard from the principal
that Kanzaki was a prodigy.
In fact, she got a perfect score
on every single test.
Kanzaki-san, you did a great job.
But she never showed...
...any happiness or emotion.
Kanzaki-san?
Are the classes at school boring you?
You can be honest.
A little...
Then would you like to come
to my place?
I can teach you higher-level subjects.
To be honest,
I bought these for you!
Let's begin!
Ever since that day, she started
coming to my place every day.
Great!
You did such a good job!
As a reward, I'll give you
strawberry short cake!
Whoa! It looks delicious!
Gradually, she became cheerful.
ARITHMETIC 6th GRADE
JUNIOR HIGH
JUNIOR HIGH 3rd LEVEL
3rd LEVEL MATH ENGLISH
PHYSICS CLASSIC JAPANESE
But one day...
Teacher, there are two ways
to solve this problem.
Which one should I use?
What?
Um...let's see...
It was such a shock...
...when I realized she excelled
far beyond the level I could teach.
My pride would not allow me to say
"I don't know" to a student's question.
I studied extremely hard
to answer her questions.
But I'm not a genius like she is.
I soon reached my limit.
I'm out right now. Please leave
a message after the beep.
Hello. This is Kanzaki...
I wanted to ask you a question.
I'll call you back later.
What you are solving are
entrance exams for Tokyo University!
There is no way I can solve them!
Each time I saw Kanzaki's face
or heard her voice...
... I felt as if I were being blamed
for my inabilities.
My pride was completely shattered.
Then that day came...
Compared to this old pyramid,
King Khufu's pyramid is still intact...
...and looks great, doesn't it?
Umm...yes...
Teacher!
What...
What is it, Kanzaki-san
That fallen pyramid belongs
to Senwosret III...
...and it was constructed
during the Middle Kingdom Dynasty.
So it is much newer
than King Khufu's pyramid...
...built in the Old Kingdom Dynasty.
It's the new one that's crumbled.
It fell down because construction
skills had regressed and it is said...
...that the regression is due
to the decline of the king's authority.
Due to the decline
of the king's authority....
Something inside me snapped
at that moment.
Shut up! You SHUT UP!
What is it? Are you saying my
authority as a teacher has declined?
That's not what I...
It's just...you said something wrong...
It's true that you are smart!
But if you think about it,
it's natural, isn't it?
Well, Teacher,
shall I tell you my secret?
Because...
My mother told me never
to tell anyone, but...
You are...
To tell you the truth, I am...
It was her secret which should
never have been revealed.
It started several days later...
...classroom terrorism
targeting the school and teachers.
It's all my fault.
Hmmm...
Would you like to sit down?
Huh? No.
Petty...
What?
That's unworthy of a prodigy.
It's so small-minded.
You're wound too tight,
Urumi Kanzaki.
Tight?
Nice room.
Very feminine and warm.
So different from my room.
Uh...thank you.
Deep inside, you knew
why she was coming here every day.
That's...but in the end...
...I was at fault.
Teachers are human, too.
We make mistakes.
But if you are stuck there,
you can't move on. Right?
Here we go!
My class at the end of the day
tomorrow is Social Studies, isn't it?
Yeah.
O.K. Drag Kanzaki into that class
no matter what!
What are you going to do,
Onizuka-sensei?
What am I going to do?
I'm gonna teach Kanzaki a lesson...
...on how to lighten up!
As a teacher!
FACULTY ROOM
What...what are those sounds?
What...
What...is that?
- Aren't they motorcycle gangs?
- I can see that myself!
Yesterday there was a chaotic
explosion and now motorcycle gangs...
Could this be a moon wobble
or bad biorhythms?
Call the police!
If we do that, it would bring
shame to our school!
But...
Fukuroda, you go out there
and talk to them.
You mean... me?
It's a P.E. teacher's duty to take care
of this kind of situation!
Go!
But...
KAMIKAZE SPIRIT
Kanzaki! Urumi Kanzaki!
Come on out!
Why do I need to dress like this...
Kanzaki!
I'm telling you to come out!
Is that...could it be...?
Definitely! It's Onizuka!
What is he doing?
What are you gonna do?
Your teacher is calling you.
It's stupid!
What are you thinking?
What's all the hoopla?
JAPAN'S GREATEST
SANTAMA ALLIANCE
You do a much better job with hoopla!
Get on.
I'm gonna take you to a special class.
Special class?
That's right.
Absence is not allowed.
Do whatever you like.
Hurry up and go, Fukuroda-sensei.
No. At a time like this,
someone with authority should...
I'm nothing but a mere teacher...
They're leaving.
What?
What are we gonna do?
They're gone!
We'll go after them.
How? They're on bikes!
Hmm...
Good!
Heaven listened to my prayers!
Vice Principal, Vice Principal,
please move your Cresta immediately.
The motorcycle gangs
are aiming at your Cresta.
What?
I repeat.
Please move your Cresta immediately.
Did I hear they are aiming
at my Cresta?
I just got all the repairs done yesterday!
I will never let even a finger touch it!
In this day and age
it's hard to believe...
...there's someone
who would fall for this kind of trick.
Get the car key before he wakes up!
You guys, what are you doing?
Good! Saves us energy!
What?
How is it? Is it...
hitting you hard at all, Kanzaki?
How is it? You must have taken
a good, hard look at yourself.
What's significant
about that mannequin?
Shut up! It's just for show!
How do you like it?
It's silly.
It will be a waste of time to make me
repent by scaring me! I'm not scared.
Before I get scared...
What?
...I try to understand
the logistics behind it.
Ghosts can be explained...
...as illusionary images
created by autosuggestion.
UFOs can be explained
with ignition of plasma.
Curse is a typical example of minus
placebo effects created by obsession.
Also, death is explainable!
Teacher...
you know about my father. Right?
That's right.
My mother didn't want to marry.
She just wanted a smart child.
I'm just a composite of protein...
... born to a loveless union.
A human being is nothing
but an ark of genes.
So when you die,
you dissolve back to a mass of protein.
That's all there is to it.
You get scared because you wonder
what will become of you when you die.
I see.
So you have nothing to fear...
That's right.
But you were scared when you
were abandoned by Fujimori-sensei.
Weren't you?
What's that?
Don't joke with me.
Why were you going
to Fujimori-sensei's place all the time?
It... It was because of my pure
desire for knowledge.
She was teaching me
higher-level subjects.
You're lying.
Ugh...How can you say that?
If you wanted, you could have
studied all by yourself.
In fact, afterwards you were studying
by yourself, weren't you?
What's with an ark or protein?
In short, you just wanted that teacher
to become a substitute parent.
Isn't that right?
It's a lie.
Don't make things up!
You know all too well
that it's not a lie.
Didn't you want a room to go back to...
...a warm room to go back to?
The time you got hurt the most was...
...when Fujimori-sensei
abandoned you. Wasn't it?
You're out of your mind!
What's with a genius?
If you insist you didn't know...
...I'll make you notice
that you're just a student!
What?
Are you really all right?
Don't talk to me!
I can't believe you ask
a paper driver like me to drive!
Whoaaa! Ouch!
Oh, look!
Right there!
What?
Don't tell me this street is...
Hey...
What do you think you're doing?
Let's go...
Cross over to the other side!
I've become a teacher,
but my students don't listen to me...
...and I can't find a girlfriend.
I'm getting kind of tired of living.
Hmm...I see.
You're going to hit the brake
at the last minute, aren't you?
You might think
you are threatening me...
...but I'm not scared at all!
You're not scared. Right?
People die at least once anyway.
Let's smile and die, Kanzaki.
Teacher!
- He's done it!
- Onizuka-sensei!
- Teacher!
- Onizuka! Onizuka!
Hey, are you alive? Eikichi!
What?
All right.
We're gonna pull you up!
Here you go. Pull harder!
Phew. It was scary.
We almost turned into a protein mass.
Who said she wasn't afraid to die?
Someone who pretends to understand
everything intellectually...
... is very annoying!
She's a coward!
Such a coward, that she's afraid
even to live!
Everything he does is so elaborate...
Phew!
I was really scared!
Hmm?
Ah! The car!
Shit! Catch it! Whoa!
Wait!
Outrageous!
I can't believe
that was the special class!
But somehow I feel relieved.
I haven't cried this much in years.
You wanna go back...
to how you were, right?
With that female teacher...
You want to cleanse yourself,
to tell her the truth. Right?
You're so dumb!
Who, at this age...
You want to have a piece of cake
like you used to, right?
Who told you?
You said so.
I didn't.
You did.
I did NOT!
Petty...Kanzaki...
It's understandable
that you've lost trust in others.
But it's such a loss
not to enjoy the moment...
...just because you're
still stuck in the past.
Come on.
How come you still look sad?
Cheer up.
You're a kid. Act like one!
Grin and move on.
All right, Kanzaki?
O.K., this is the end
of the special class by Eikichi Onizuka.
Teacher...
What?
Could you teach me
how to ride a bike?
Fuyutsuki-sensei,
did you put the emergency brake on?
What's that?
My deepest sympathies.
Look at that, everyone!
What are they doing?
It's fun!
Hey, wait!
My clothes are stuck! I'm gonna die!
You can't love everyone
It's only for the one you love
No breaking your faith or doubting
Don't you judge or hate?
Just stay innocent
Am I hurting anyone?
My emotion quietly blazes
Deep inside my eyes
I am so happy that I found you
In the infinity of eternal time
What is there for me to do?
It may be small now
But the fire cannot go out
A tear is about to drop
Hold it back in your chest
Live strong every moment
Like a single drop of your tear
NEXT EPISODE
Make sure you respond to her.
She's waiting for your reply.
My student's in love.
Got to help him.
That's not the point!
It's feelings! Feelings!
You're not gonna understand
my feelings!
If I can be of any help, go ahead
and do it until you're satisfied.
Whoa...
Girls are like that.
We can't be confident
in front of someone we like.